Update migration notes to match breaking changes in v9 (#3227)
kirbydesign/designsystem: MIGRATION.md

The `shadow` input binding has been removed and `stroke` should be used instead for a similar effect.

<h4 id="button-v9">Button</h4>

The deprecated attention level 4 has been removed. This has no visual significance as level 4 was mapped to level 3 internally in the button, but any references to attention level 4 should be removed from code.

<h4 id="experimental-alert-v9">Experimental Alert</h4>

The Experimental Alert has been fully removed and we recommend to use the normal alert instead.

<h4 id="grid-v9">Grid</h4>

The grid **component** has been removed in favor of using the much more flexible [Grid HTML classes](https://cookbook.kirby.design/#/home/showcase/grid).

<h4 id="modal-v9">Modal</h4>

> The following methods have been removed from the `modalController` and all uses of these method should be removed: `registerPresentingElement`, `scrollToTop`, `scrollToBottom`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following methods have been removed from the `modalController` and all usages of these methods should be removed: `registerPresentingElement`, `scrollToTop`, `scrollToBottom`.
```
